on the ground live live from the
underground with multi Mac Mayer
promotions Birmingham nah that's locking
load if you ready you notice here is
back to go down let's make some fitting
it above real soldiers baby down the pop
pop pop and no just stopping on that
block
I'm always schooling I like my rides
old-school see the Jitterbugs yet
occurred in the fool remember when I
used to do that like that remember when
I used to pick together and twist my
head dirty two or five aside we ride
here Y go I'm highly east side holla
with side north and south side yo go cop
that Birmingham lab on the ground you
gotta stand 205 certified deal
dealing with well me too
watch out he'll get it back and live on
the ground outfit what our marriage were
deemed is one
represent a man make sure you're going
get the red hair light on the ground is
in charge right now man I did
yo y'all make sure we are seals in the
street man i pickled that brother Han
alive on the ground to hide his new
mixtape I tell me pull apart my hair of
artists but y'all check it out over this
ad that you've been an egg represent mag
man at a time when you see you already
know what it is pick it up his industry
is not Barbra he'll live on the ground
in the streets right now check us out at
McMahon entertainment com
you
thomas and don't teach your meds did
Oh
on the ground right now take a bottle
bag man
kool
you
yo what's up there's a bug bit ly
species represent rock piles River we
met two and five man come check us out
hey you boy try to get DZ lap on the
ground yahoo com deadly industries